News travels slowly
There will be healing from other places in recent days.
Arrive at Linjiang City Pier one after another
You can kill them all
Force them to cut meat
But the price of sheep can't go all the way down
Otherwise, the people will want to mention it again
You need that in the middle.
As for how to regulate
This official has written it all down
Lord Du, just do as you please
Let the officer put some and tell him
Here are some local tea leaves in Linjiang City
I hope Mr. Gao will accept the bald adult
Hahahaha
Really thoughtful
High mountains and long roads
That official
Just waiting for the good news from Lord Du in Chang'an City?
Ha ha.
Oh, dear.
adult
Big brother is your anger for three years
There's a fool next to me
In case it is the traditional majesty
What three mistakes?
That is some local tea leaves in Linjiang City.
What's more, this official is magnanimous
Never oppressed the people
I never asked Mr. Gao to do anything
Purely an expression of gratitude
Even if the empress is small
So what?
This official has twice mourned and angrily scolded Mr. Gao
Therefore, Young Master Gao had just taken down the family of Spirit Sword City
We're going to the ballast non-stop
I can't express my heart, so it's still
There are three female emperors in this official of the government
Among them, risk controls punishment as quickly as possible
Until restricted
Gao Gongzi's tea leaves in Linjiang City
It's not valuable.
1 million one or two
What are you so nervous about?
Lord Shangguan, you don't understand
It is important to know that friendship is greater than anything else
Back to Chang'an this time
Enjoy it anyway
After all, you have passed through this. Can't you go to the brothel?
Hey, but this weight
It is enough to show that crossing the river is a real
No.
What's in your tea box?
Let me see it.
Lord Shangguan, this mountain road is unstable
The carriage is bumpy
Men and women do not receive and receive
If you are so close
My son is struggling
Or in the bumpy
I accidentally kissed where
Or where did you touch it?
But will shout
You still shout
I see.
What did you say
I just want to arouse the pity of Lord Du
You can leave if you say you want to leave a few clothes.
But it burned for half an hour
You are clearly taking silver for Lord Du
Two hours
This tea is reasonable
It can't be a tea lamb at all
You are mistaken
Public bribery
Lord Shangguan
If you think so
Then I can't help it.
If you say yes, then go to sleep.